# Translation notes

## Issue

### Notes

* Can't set number explicitly :( so need to go in order and abort if we can't match things up correctly -- probably detect after done w/ an issue whether it got the right ID
* Can't set state when creating, so need a create-and-edit flow
* No concept of closing-as-dupe, closing-as-wontfix in GH, so probably use labels for that
* No concept of "submitter" on GH (except in pull requests, kinda) so put that in as a prefix/postfix to body text probably
* Assignee should be me always -- a few things are assigned to Morgan but that doesn't really mean anything serious ATM, we can rework how we want to use that on the GH side later.
* Priorities -- keep the "random access" ones we sometimes want lists of, mostly Wart/Quick, drop the rest since we can't sort by them.
* Original creation time will need to be prefixed/postfixed to body text, or discarded?
* Did a sanity test, and thankfully, pull requests -- since they create issues -- start off at the highest issue number. So after we import all of these, real pull requests will start at the next number.

### Mapping

* `id` => have to set implicitly by going in order
* `tracker` => map to a label, 'feature' / 'bug' / 'support'
* `subject` => `title`
* `description` => `body`
* `category` => map to a label with similar name
    * Take this opportunity to remap bad or redundant categories, like UI vs CLI
* `status` => map to open/closed, *and* probably to a label too in some cases
* `assigned_to` => "bitprophet"
* `priority` => map some to labels, eg wart and quick, drop the rest
* `author` => note in body text
* `created_on` => note in body text (?)
* `updated_on` => ditto


## Attachments

### Notes

* Text attachments could become Gists linked in the body text / as the first few comments.
* Non-text attachments, see Files below.


## Relations

### Notes

* GH has no issue relations, so we need to forget about them, or add them as yet more body comments.
* Alternately, just relate them via label, i.e. each collection of related tickets gets a category-like (But more specific) label. Needs a lot of gruntwork though.


## Journals (Issue comments)

### Notes

* Like issues, the API simply mimics a real user leaving a comment: it's just a body field. No timestamp editing, no user association.
* So as usual we'll need to put that data into the body field, or omit it.
* Ensure we create them in the right order, at least, by iterating on the Redmine side sorting by `created_on`.

### Mapping

* `notes` => `body`


## Versions (Milestones)

### Notes

* We only really care about 1.x and 2.x here, so that is a simplified mapping
* Should probably create the pre-existing ones that are already closed?

### Mapping

* TK


## Files (N/A)

### Notes

* These are autogenerated on the GH side so do not need porting
* Only File we host which is not a tag snapshot is a copy of Paramiko 1.7.6, but that was only added recently and I don't believe it was highly publicized.
* However, existing OS source packages probably refer to these -- we'll need to reach out to them (at the very least, Arch and Debian/Ubuntu, I don't know if anybody made RPMs) to see if that's a big deal or if the existing binary packages are "good enough" and don't need rebulding.
    * Could keep the files on the nginx/whatever setup I plan on replacing code.fabfile with eventually...
    * Or use GH Pages (`gh-pages` branch), though if I need an nginx set up at code.fabfile anyways...
    * Certainly, the maintainers need to be informed that we will be moving to GH and any future releases won't be at the Redmine URL.
